hi everyone and welcome back to chef
seats today we'll be preparing steamed
mussels with a coconut curry broth and
these wonderful Southeast Asian flavors
are sure to wow your palate so let's get
ready for another adventure once again
only thing we're going to need are a few
simple ingredients so let's get started
everybody the first step and I think the
most important step is cleaning our
mussels make sure that all our mussels
are closed and if there are any open
mussels in there just tap them together
and if they won't close just discard
them immediately that means they're dead
after that make sure we give them a very
good rinse rinse them and shake them up
a little bit they throw that dirt and
Rifkind out of them and do this process
about three or four times until the
water starts running very thick you see
how I just shake them move all together
and was hiding together
well this kind of suck in this blood and
they're just gonna spit it out here we
go carefully inspect each one also you
don't want to have one bad mussel ruin
your entire back after repeating this
process about three times until the
water starts run clearly strain them and
refrigerate until ready to cook then we
can start preparing our onions for
slicing after our onions we could slice
some of our shallots nice and thin
slices followed by slicing some more
garlic as well in the meantime let's
start heating up a pan over a medium
high heat so we can get Lydia saute our
aromatics with our mussels now that we
have this ready we can just pop it in a
little bit of oil and not too much
and this is going to be a very very
quick cooking procedure and that's also
one of my favorite parts about having
muscles that it's a very quick saute of
our aromatics of a very quick steaming
of our muscles and it's just a wonderful
dish that's prepared in almost mince
it's okay to get a little bit of color
on our aromatics the colonization is
going to help in the flavor and actually
enhance the flavor of this dish and at
this point is time for us to add our red
curry paste it's very important that we
sauteed produce a moment just to allow
the spices to come back alive and so
make sure we do this over a high heat
cooking stirring quite often that's all
feeding up all this turf you're gonna be
able to smell all these different spices
and aromatics coming out it's smells
wonderful
let that go pick your nose
this is all real time everybody so don't
have to worry about how long it actually
takes now we've had a little bit of our
fish sauce this has quite a pungent nose
foot so don't be alarmed it's actually
very friendly flavor when it's balanced
with a coconut milk yeah stir everything
together and we're just gonna bring this
up to a quick boil and bring it down
maybe by a third so it's going to
concentrate in flavor see how is still a
little loose right now well I'm going to
bring it down it's going to tighten up
after we add the mussels to the pan all
the juice of the mussels are going to
infuse into this as well doesn't really
get much better
as you're watching your coconut milk
produced you can see the bubbles you're
starting to get thicker and thicker all
the bubbles and you can see the lines
when we stir it how it separates see the
little space in between it's getting
thicker our sauce now let's just add our
muscles in after we have the most of
them give it a stir make this cover with
the lid this process of plugging take us
no more than two minutes in the meantime
because our picking our herbs now Thai
curry and cilantro pretty much go hand
in hand with each other so of course I'm
going to have to finish this dish with
some fresh cilantro
now this cilantro is very delicate it's
also okay if we add a little bit of the
stem to this dish because we're going to
cook it down very delicately so it's
okay if you don't rip off all your stems
you know in Thailand they actually use
the stems for sauce so feel free to use
a little bit of stem so that's where
about a minute of only being covered up
and steaming away look at this they're
all opening up already so let's just
give them a little shuffle mix them up a
touch make sure there's no open guys
left all that flavors all marinated and
infused into it then we could just toss
our herbs right on top let that wilt
down well let me just grab that pan and
run away I want to eat it now see how
thick your sauce is getting as well now
it has a coconut the curry the mussel
broth then fused into it we're really
going to enjoy this one now the moment
we all been waiting for
plate up time so
I just says simply I just spoon it right
onto the bagel bowl that we're going to
serve it in sauce muscle cilantro all of
it piled on top of each other
mussels are a finger food there's no
reason to get overly fancy when it comes
into plating mussels top all these guys
up right on top of each other
highlight nice and high maybe a little
bit more fresh cilantro just on top
let's turn it to give you a better view
there you go and a squeeze of fresh lime
juice as a finishing touch just to
highlight this dish so there we have it
everyone mussels with a curried coconut
broth I hope you really like it hope you
enjoy it and please give me the feedback
of what you think here's a recipe as
following let me know if you did any
changes and how it turned out for you
I'm really excited to hear about it
thanks for watching please like and
subscribe